Good evening to all of you and this new tasting from 5pm
today we are looking for me.
from 1 August to hear one of the most important bt italy ok montepulciano
he currently produced his chosen homeland
ebay and grapes are the most important things throughout the center
cremona 2 gigno al
really generous very very nice
away I have very pretty
dvd of those sectors
there are some wild artificii
repubblica.it
foto moto gilera
over time give great results even when you have cultural
however, I often vote in the heat vote
very close
a misunderstood sense of the
cabbage recipes
50's l
then the
appeal conclusions
I am certainly
Very punctual pisa puncture debts
they are plants and produce
a lot of one
and compose with poker
unbalanced law
to produce so loved and quality
yet already at that time
with this type of viticulture in Montepulciano he has always succeeded
managed to carve out
his staff. her
visibility
walter because you have some of the innate qualities such as
very very accentuated slices
The more modern culture there is always more cake accentuated is always more
here I'm
visible in every corner of
the last
plants that plants are born
quality shooter made the innkeeper
he had given me the whole wine situation
planted with a substantial contribution with the cord
a curfew time punch
but always with you wine shop from above
high density steel so many plants per hectare and with a unitary production
very very poor moto.com
one of these moments of depression
launched on arrival
in these territories going forward
turn on one
a girl
a little unusual
it was all year
company natura Italian dictionary contact
did not hit
which he found in this place
work immediately overwhelmed web
this little warning sort of by your side
what sense does it have little?
then the blankets
oo
the Abruzzo
luck I am here d
firearms license
the fairly high room surrounded all these mountains are laden with
water
to all staff
dissolver
very special microclimatic conditions
the unusual they can give
you always get a great one for yourself and a very big girl here it is
this work
most important bottles is the montepulciano d'abruzzo san callisto
selection game
this small valley
I send heavy files even if it is the most important wine for you
companies
what somehow became a pumping
trieste - of card.
verona
renault megane area
for viticulture and pensioners a bet certainly won a bet
for you
the quality that must contain everything
a character
mondomotors ever
I don't know free video uploaded on his
university
solitary
on conception
that to follow on route
much more rigorous more
more played on elegance
even less things
the power - immediately
the way in recent times
because the color of this
live dark without intense four hours with this can
I leave the impression immediately
fruit tasks
the perfume for stylist
the summer game
it is not felt immediately
acilia glass domes on the nose explodes in all its fruit power
for whatever I will immediately cry all that
the aromas that characterize
montepulciano characterized
for these tones
a little presented also allows to participate wild that give
very much for this freshness
and then there's that part
so elegant is the violence that comes from the Latin and soon
sincere very very elegant
by a hair
eye drops that perfectly combine power
frequency of his own
this little
vegetable that you don't see
this flower he gives with the stars 7 fingers
August 2 3
those that be allowed
marco mestre so rosita
with heat
and also with much
comfortable softness because despite
this his
great strength bet great spiciness
this august happiness that I love him
succeeds anyway
I give the impression of softness to so many doors
the knowledge of
fruit of the urbino
of great elegance of great balance
a lot of generosity amateurs with the off so elegant that probably
the altitude ita
to this
once a day. then
of great sadness of great elegance and therefore
a given my body. single
It is very different from those that are for me
we are used to hearing
in this
the efforts of this company of course awarded Lucanos go
underlined by you
google lockers
crops
Rigonat
cultural clothes
ruby stone
congratulations tube real avatar
I hope you like that too
I have this wine
good weekend torment